= Configuration

When using a custom NeoDash deployment, there are several settings that
can be configured. These mostly relate to
link:../standalone-mode[Standalone Mode] and SSO configurations.

For a simple (non-Dockerized) deployment, these configuration parameters
can be changed by modifying `dist/config.json` after you have built the
application. When Docker image, these can be passed as environment
variables. See link:../standalone-mode[Standalone Mode] for more on
Docker deployments.

An example configuration for NeoDash (default, running in editor mode)
will look like this:

....
{
    "ssoEnabled": false,
    "ssoDiscoveryUrl": "https://example.com",
    "standalone": false,
    "standaloneProtocol": "neo4j",
    "standaloneHost": "localhost",
    "standalonePort": "7687",
    "standaloneDatabase": "neo4j",
    "standaloneDashboardName": "My Dashboard",
    "standaloneDashboardDatabase": "dashboards",
    "standaloneDashboardURL": ""
}
....

== Configuration Options

[width="100%",cols="19%,17%,26%,38%",options="header",]
|===
|Name |Type |Default Value |Description
|ssoEnabled |boolean |false |If enabled, lets users connect to Neo4j
using SSO. This requires the app to be running in standalone mode, and a
valid ssoDiscoveryUrl to be set.

|ssoDiscoveryUrl |string |https://example.com |If ssoEnabled is true &
standalone mode is enabled, the URL to retrieve SSO auth config from.

|standalone |boolean |false |Determines whether to run NeoDash in editor
mode (false), or reader mode (true). The terms ``Reader mode'' and
``Standalone mode'' are used interchangibly.

|standaloneProtocol |string |neo4j |When running in standalone mode, the
protocol to used for the Neo4j driver. This shoudl be set to one of
`neo4j`, `neo4j+s`, `neo4j+ssc`, `bolt`, `bolt+s`, or `bolt+ssc`.

|standaloneHost |string |localhost |When running in standalone mode, the
hostname to connect to. This should be *just* the hostname, no protocols
or ports.

|standalonePort |string |7687 |When running in standalone mode, the Bolt
port to connect to.

|standaloneDatabase |string |neo4j |When running in standalone mode, the
database to use for reporting. Cypher queries used in reports will read
data from this database.

|standaloneUsername ⚠️ |string |… |A hidden config parameter enables you
to set the username for standalone mode by default. Keep in mind this is
a security risk, as it exposes the Neo4j username to anyone who can
access the NeoDash deployment.

|standalonePassword ⚠️ |string |… |A hidden config parameter enables you
to set the password for standalone mode by default. If this value is set
connections are also made automatically. Keep in mind this is a security
risk, as it exposes the Neo4j username to anyone who can access the
NeoDash deployment.

|standaloneDashboardName |string |My Dashboard |The exact name
(case-sensitive) of the dashboard to be loaded when running in
standalone mode. This must be a dashboard that is saved as a node in the
graph.

|standaloneDashboardDatabase |string |neo4j |The name of the Neo4j
database that contains the saved dashboard node. This is neo4j by
default, _unless you are using Neo4j Enterprise Edition_, which lets you
use multiple databases.

|standaloneDashboardURL |string |neo4j |If you do not save a dashboard
inside Neo4j and would like to run a standalone mode deployment with a
dashboard from a URL, set this parameter to the complete URL pointing to
the dashboard JSON.
|===

== Configuring SSO

NeoDash can use SSO as an alternative for password-based sign-in, if
your Neo4j database is enabled to use single sign on. To enable SSO, set
`ssoEnabled` to `true`. Then, set `ssoDiscoveryUrl` to the place where
your `discovery.json` is located (This will often be the hostname of
your database, appended by `/discovery.json`).

____
Note that SSO is only available when Standalone Mode is enabled.
____

== Auth Provider

To set up NeoDash to use an external identity provider, you can add a
/auth_provider resource to nginx (in `/conf/default.conf`):

....
location /auth_provider {
        default_type application/json;
        return 200 '{
                        "auth_config" : {
                            "oidc_providers" : [ ... ]
                        }
                    }';
    }
....

For basic deployments it might suffice to route requests to
`/auth_provider` on the https port of the neo4j database.

== Configuring Standalone Mode

Standalone mode, or reader-mode, overrides the functionality of NeoDash,
allowing you to deploy a fixed dashboard to users. Standalone mode can
be enabled by changing the `standalone` config parameter:

* If standalone mode is `false`, all other configuration parameters are
ignored. NeoDash will run in Editor mode, and require a manual sign-in.
* If standalone mode is `true`, NeoDash will read all configuration
parameters. A *fixed dashboard* will be auto-loaded, and no changes to
the dashboard can be made. There are two types of valid standalone
deployments:
** A standalone deployment that *reads the fixed dashboard from Neo4j*.
The `standaloneDashboardName` and `standaloneDashboardDatabase` config
parameters are used to define these.
** A standalone deployment that *reads the fixed dashboard from a URL*.
The `standaloneDashboardURL` config parameter is used to define this.
